Okay. So, what proportion of
samples went to the left and right child nodes of the root node?
So, first of all, if you'll recall,
tree zero dot children left looks like this.
Tree zero dot children right looks like this.
We want to work with the tree zero dot weighted n node samples, which is right here.
So, if we just visually inspect this,
we're talking about the root node.
So, the root node starts out with 100 training samples.
Then, we can see that the left child of the root node is node
one and the right child of the root node is node two.
So node one, you can see here.
How many weighted n node samples does node one have, the left child?
It's zero, one. It has 50.
Okay. How about node two?
In node two, zero one two,
index zero one two.
Node two, the right child of the root node has 50 as well.
So, we're going to expect to see 50 divided by 100 for each of those.
But, let's write this out in code.
So, tree zero dot weighted n node samples
of the left child of the root node which is one,
divided by the weighted n node samples for the root node which is node zero.
Similarly, for the right child,
tree zero dot weighted n node samples.
The right child is node two as you can see here,
and let's divide that by the number of samples in the root node.
Okay. So, we run that, you can see that it does take 50 divided by 100.
So, the proportions are 0.5 and 0.5. Awesome.